♫ Close your eyes. I am so, so, so captivated by you like this ♫
♫ You fell into my colorful dream from last night ♫
♫ I want to work hard to gain your attention ♫
♫ Laying in your embrace ♫
♫ Listening to the sounds of rain outside the window ♫
♫ I can speak first ♫
♫ I want to accompany you to go catch the wind ♫
♫ Daydreaming together, a dream we cannot wake up from ♫
♫ A dream we cannot wake up from ♫
♫ Just want to wait until the rain falls first,
slowly making your hair wet ♫
♫ I seem to have used some kind of magic ♫
♫ Even a frozen river can melt ♫
♫ Is it like Zhuang Zhou's dream of becoming a butterfly? ♫
♫ You are a blessing and a blight ♫
♫ Then just accept it, accompanying you in
a peaceful and clear night ♫
♫ Listening to the temple's monk ringing the bell ♫
♫ Laying at the Mount Nan loft relaxing ♫
♫ For you I hid my tears ♫
♫ Abandoned worldly affairs. I will find you
no matter the time and place ♫
♫ It's you for the rest of my life. I want to be closer to you ♫
♫ Meeting you in the mortal world ♫
♫ Meeting you, meeting you ♫
♫ Meeting you, meeting you, meeting you ♫
♫ Listening to the sounds of rain outside the window ♫
♫ I can speak first ♫
♫ I want to accompany you to go catch the wind ♫
♫ Daydreaming together, a dream we cannot wake up from ♫
♫ A dream we cannot wake up from ♫
[Love Is All]
[Episode 20- Zheng Shaofeng revealed a secret to Ruyi, Tang Tianyuan gets together with Tan Lingyin]
The people of the county magistrate's manor are really out of the ordinary. Even the servant girl is so beautiful.
How old are you? You don't have an engagement, right?
I'm already engaged to the Tang family. I just haven't gotten married yet.
It's fine if you haven't gotten married yet.
The Tang family?
So it turns out that you are Madame Sister-in-Law. I apologize for the disrespect.
Wait, that's not right... Aren't you—
If you have nothing of importance, leave for now.
He has to treat me.
Okay. Then I'll be outside waiting.
Tell me if you need anything.
Continue.
You're a bastard.
What do you plan on doing with Tan Lingyin?
Speak.
Why do all the good girls like you? They're must all be blind.
But you can't be careless about this wound of yours. The strychnine nut poison isn't that easy to clear.
You need to have proper rest.
Oh right! Do you know where Old Tie is?
Wasn't it because you broke through the bandit stronghold and let him run away?
But don't worry, I can find him.
If I find him, I'll advise him to follow after you.
What's your relationship with Tan Lingyin?
We've become sworn brothers! We're brothers that would even die for each other.
I, Duan Feng, am a man of the pugilistic world.
I am free and easy.
You better be.
But...
if an accident happens to you
or you purposefully yield,
Brother, I won't hesitate. I will definitely,
carefully take care of the two madame sisters-in-law for you.
There are step marks here.
Looking at these here, it should have been these two days.
If Constable Zheng's not feeling well, you can go back.
It is fine if I investigate on my own.
Can you tell me, does Miss Ruyi know qinggong? (T/N: qinggong is a type of martial art skill  where people are light on their feet and can jump over walls)
My cousin has been weak since she was very young.
She most likely doesn't know qinggong.
But that day in the county office, I seemed to have seen a trace of her.
You must have seen wrong. Why would she go there?
Perhaps.
did something happen to her?
Nothing much.
Sometimes,
I really want to take these cases and conspiracies of the county office
and throw them all away.
I just want to concentrate on loving one person.
If you do this, you would perhaps be letting down Sir Tang.
I've thought it through. I don't want to work on this job anymore.
After this gold case is concluded, I will resign.
I will pay the ransom for Miss Ruyi and live the life of an ordinary person.
But after you resign, what money will you use to pay a ransom?
I can go to the military and be a military person.
Or I can push a cart and sell sweet potatoes.
As long as I can make money, I'll do anything.
Every day that I am in the county office, Miss Ruyi will have ill-feelings toward me.
Even if you resign, she might not be willing.
But I still have to try.
For her, things I should and shouldn't sacrifice,
I can sacrifice them all.
Can even brothers be sacrificed?
Sir Tang is so proficient. If anyone is sacrificing someone, he would be the one sacrificing me.
Why must you choose her?
In Tongling County, there are plenty of women from good families.
I only want Zhou Ruyi.
You should say these words to her.
♫ Only when you come here boundless ♫
♫ Can you drink till drunk ♫
Let go!
Right now, I've said these words to her.
♫ Freely pick a song ♫
If you want to do it, then do it.
♫  The swaying shadows from the candle and
longings are still the same as that year’s ♫
Before, I thought you were like a woman, wasting time and dawdling.
Thinking about it right now, there really is such a justification.
It's fine if you don't kill me. Hurry and leave.
I'm going to stay here until daybreak before going back.
That time is enough for you to reach Chizhou.
Before, whenever I faced Miss Ruyi, I had a set pattern of behavior.
When I faced Zhou Zhengdao, I had another set.
Now, I really don't know how to face you.
I don't have any regrets if I die by your hands.
♫  The swaying shadows from the candle and
longings are still the same as that year’s ♫
♫ Who is lamenting under the moon? ♫
♫ Half of a wooden home door is open ♫
♫ I sober up in my hometown ♫
After I succeeded in persuading Duan Feng,
I was then faced with another significant and difficult problem.
That is!
How to, under everyone's watchful eyes,
let Duan Feng and Tang Tianyuan meet privately.
Thank goodness I'm quick-witted and smart.
I put Duan Feng in makeup and clothes to disguise him as a shaman.
Not one person in the county office noticed.
Then what?
- And then I just charged in. Guess what Master Tang did.
- What did he do?
His two eyes turned pitch black and his whole body festered.
He was already on the verge of death.
Then based on what you're saying, I'm a ghost that's come back to life now?
When did you come?
Come with me.
Sister Lingyin, you haven't finished your story.
Qingchen, help me retell it to them.
Does it taste good?
Let's play this.
Oh, I was so close.
Give me your hand.
So amazing. So amazing.
You got the gold.
You two have such good fortune.
Thank you.
Gold.
I never knew you were so good at ring toss. How about we go and play some more?
Let's go win some more gold.
It's hard to run a small business. Do you want to reduce him to poverty and ruin?
You must be willing to accept the loss if you want to run a business.
I bought you here tonight not just to see the hustle and bustle,
there's a big use for this gold.
It's already so late, why are all the girls heading to the Temple of the Old Man of the Moon?
(T/N: Old Man of the Moon is the God of Marriage)
- Let's go look, too.
- All right.
Let's go.
Uncle.
Miss, toss this jade pan. Write on it your name and the young master's name.
Hang it on the matchmaker tree at the entrance of the temple.
I guarantee the lovers will live happily ever after.
How much for one?
Not expensive. One silver tael for one.
One silver tael for one? Let's go. This is a complete scam.
Wait a second. Aren't your graphic novels all about devout men and women
who seal their marriage fate with each other under the matchmaker tree?
I've realized from being with you that all of those are useless.
Only they would fall for it. We're different. We're already like this.
That's right! I think I left my fan back there. I'll go get it.
All right.
Young Master.
Tang Tianyuan. Tan Lingyin.
All right.
[Tang Tianyuan. Tan Lingyin.]
There is already so much poor quality gold in the market.
- You have such a big appetite, Adviser.
- So amazing.
Come!
How can she eat so much?
She eats really well.
She really can eat.
Okay, the joss stick has finished burning. Adviser Tan wins.
Tonight's food is free of charge and you win a complimentary tray of steamed buns.
Thank you. Many thanks.
Didn't I tell you to go back first?
What are you doing here?
What's there to do at the county office? There are free midnight snacks here.
Eat.
Come back with me.
Let me finish eating.
Eat.
I normally see you jumping and skipping about in the county office.
Why are you outside all the time nowadays.
Is it because there's an additional person in the county office?
Who said that?
The county office is my home. What's wrong with having a visitor?
So hospitable. How about I ask her to stay?
Hey!
Okay, I'll stop joking. I know you've been upset lately.
But you want to keep your image as the adviser,
That's why it can be said that you're pretending to be magnanimous.
But in your heart, you keep comparing yourself with her in every aspect.
But what can I do?
Miss Jiang has had an engagement with you since before.
Furthermore, she's educated and well-balanced. Me?
No matter how I look, I am from a small family;
a charming fox that seduces people that doesn't know how high the heavens are and how thick the earth is.
You are a charming fox that can eat three trays of buns in one meal.
You're the first I've seen.
Either way, I'm a normal woman with nobody to rely on.
Wordless and uncommunicative, lacking authority and power.
I think you're just undisciplined.
Tan Lingyin, I'm telling you.
I want to marry you.
as my only wife.
What about Jiang Muchun?
Give me some time. I'll resolve everything.
Really?
Then, will you be with me forever and never lie to me?
♫ The rain falls in the forest and disturbs
the peace of a Begonia tree ♫
♫ I startled awake from the dream.
The half cup of tea is still hot ♫
♫  Light the incense of remembrance by the bright fire ♫
♫  Cast a red light upon reflections of the old times  ♫
♫ When we played a love song in
the smokey wave under the bridge ♫
♫ The swaying willows are the promises you made ♫
♫ Lingering with the petals, where will they fall? ♫
It's getting cold. You should wear more.
You're drinking and didn't even invite me.
Weren't you going to patrol the streets?
What's there to patrol? Tongling is so quiet.
Patrol for what?
I think the most dangerous place is our office.
Don't be like this. What if people see?
I'm not like Old Tang.
I don't want to act. I also don't know how to act.
Ruyi, maybe this time...
I can't help you hide it anymore.
You've never needed to help me hide it.
I will tell Sir Tang everything.
I just need some time.
Zong Yinglin raised me for 18 years after all.
I know.
I believe you.
But there's still a master behind Zong Yinglin.
Do you know?
This gold case is really interesting.
It's really giving me a headache.
Have a look. Freshly baked sweet potatoes!
Fragrant and sweet. Soft and sticky. Ten copper coins for half a kilogram!
- Hey!
- Hello, Ma'am!
Your sweet potatoes are too expensive. Who are you trying to cheat?
Aunt, then how much should half a kilogram sell for?
[Baked sweet potatoes]
Just this.
Five copper coins for half a kilogram? Deal.
No. Ten copper coins for two-and-a-half kilograms. The west and north ends of the city are all selling at this price.
Ten copper coins for two-and-a-half kilograms? Deal.
- Auntie.
- Okay, give me five kilograms.
You can't.
Ruyi.
Auntie, you bullying him too much. Sourcing half a kilogram already costs three copper coins.
Plus, the cost to roast them. Buying them for five copper coins is not too much.
You're bullying him for not knowing things.
Is the time and energy he spent not worth anything?
Young man, here's the money.
- Auntie's place isn't far from here, just four streets away.
- One...
Please deliver it to me later.
I'm sorry, he's not selling anymore. Here.
What- What's the problem with you?
I'm the person buying and he's the person selling. Do you have a right to speak here?
Why not? I'm the one who keeps track of finances.
If I say we're not selling, then we're not.
Your wife is so unreasonable. You already agreed to sell it to me.
Going back on your word.
Wife?
My husband has been selling these since early morning and has to work all day long. Why should he have to put up with your anger?
Ten copper coins for half a kilogram, will you buy it? If not, we'll keep it an eat it ourselves.
Young man, you should control her more.
Stupid. Why aren't you staying at the county office? What are you doing here?
You're even laughing!
If my wife won't let me laugh, I won't.
If I didn't say that, she would keep bothering you for a long time.
What are you thinking every day?
Didn't I already promise you? I'll resign as soon as the gold case is finished.
I will be by your side forever.
I'll see what the natural conditions and social customs are like.
I'll see whether I can support you by selling sweet potatoes.
Then, how much did you make today?
20 Copper Coins.
But...
I spent one silver tael on this hoe to dig sweet potatoes.
You dug them yourself? Other people's sweet potatoes?
No. I'll show you. Let's go.
Then— This—
You... Why did you bring me here?
If I tell you, then don't blame me for being stupid.
Then you have to first say what you want to do.
I saved up a lot of money because of you.
I bought this land.
Look! I'm going to grow a fruit tree there.
And put a grape lattice over there.
When it's summer next year, we can eat the grapes.
Also, I dug the sweet potatoes over there.
I dug the sweet potatoes from this morning from there.
Then, what's this wood for?
This? This...
This is you and I?
That's right. Look.
Mount Tianmu's fairy
and the little old man who sells sweet potatoes. Isn't it like this?
But I still haven't told Sir Tang.
I believe you.
Today, let's not talk about this.
Let's talk about the future.
Look.
This is the front yard.
We'll put a swing here.
On the left is the bedroom. I'll choose the biggest one.
On the left side is the bedroom of our children.
Let's work hard together and have many children.
Then I'll build a second floor and we can live upstairs.
The kids can live downstairs.
We can watch them through the window.
Ruyi, do you want a boy or a girl?
How about we have a pair?
What are you saying?
You don't know any embarrassment.
Ruyi, just tell me if you need to buy anything else.
How about we plant peach blossom trees?
All of Adviser's novels have peach blossoms in them.
- And then when the blossoms bloom...
- Tell the blossoms they don't need to bloom.
(T/N: Peach blossoms blooming suggest that you've found the one.)
The person I'm waiting for is already here.
♫ Half of a wooden home door is open ♫
♫ I sober up in my hometown ♫
♫ Listen to the wind ♫
♫ Accompanied by pear blossoms, I drink until drunk  ♫
♫ And another cup ♫
- What's wrong?
- Sir.
Sir Zong.
So you know to call me "Sir."
If not for Jiang Muchun's arrival to Tongling,
to this day I might still be muddled by your words.
I came with a royal order, so I did not mean to intentionally hide it from you.
For me to come today is because I have important things to discuss with you.
There is a lot of poor quality gold being used in the marketplace.
Your information is always fast. You must know.
Have you obtained evidence?
I haven't. It's just that here,
how is there so much poor gold?
It shouldn't be hard for me to trace it and find the answer.
Sir, do you have the confidence in finding evidence
to prove that I'm guilty?
Of course.
You know my identity.
I'm giving you one last chance.
To help me find the gold and catch the real perpetrator.
I will definitely say some good words in front of the emperor
and promise your safety.
See the situation clearly. Repent and be saved.
Let me think about it.
There isn't a lot of time left.
I'll wait for you.
Let's go.
Sir, are we still going to Tonglin?
This person speaks with good reason.
Send news to Ruyi. Have her come see me.
But it's been a long time since Miss Ruyi responded to my news.
Just tell her I'm sick.
There aren't many days left.
Yes.
Godfather, she cannot be relied on anymore.
Why are you here?
Instead of relying on a woman,
why don't you let me try?
Maybe I can find a way out.
I told you to hide well. You can't act until the last moment.
Now is the last moment.
All right.
Do what you must.
I understand.
Wife.
Brother Shun, don't you have to patrol?
I've been walking around so much at night, I'm feeling a little bit unsettled.
I'm here to ask for a bowl of wine.
I couldn't tell. You seem like someone who is so brave.
Are you afraid of the dark?
- Kid, you.
- I'm just joking, just joking.
The boss is asleep. I secretly added a couple of more side dishes for you.
That's all right.
Try and persuade your boss,
tell him not to be so persistent.
I do try to persuade him normally.
But our boss,
he has a one-track mind.
He keeps talking about the three-month deadline.
He insists on waiting for Adviser Tan to finish serving her duty,
then he will pursue her again.
Say, Adviser Tan has long made up her mind.
Even if the three-month deadline is up, what's the point?
Wouldn't she still choose Sir Tang?
The three-month deadline you speak of...
If I remember correctly, it should be these few days.
Is it?
I'm telling you. Even though our boss looks like a self-indulgent son of rich parents,
actually he treats us, servants,
pretty good.
He always says "I'm poor, I'm poor."
But he never leaves out even a cent of our wages.
And he often gives us tips. I always tell him don't be so one-track minded on this one marriage.
But he doesn't listen.
He keeps insisting on this... having hope!
This Boss Zhu is too kind.
If he were someone who was more ruthless,
Adviser Tan and Sir Tang would long be unable to be together.
What do you mean?
You didn't know?
Like Adviser Tan, she clearly already has an engagement,
but she's in a public relationship with Master Tang.
Do you know what it is called under our laws?
Why would I go and analyze laws for no reason?
This is called committing adultery.
The person who committed the crime will be caned severely and sent away,
plus for someone of Sir Tang's position,
that's called knowing the law yet still breaking it. He would lose his position!
- There's such a thing?
- Yes.
I'm just saying, don't take it too seriously.
Boss, rest assured.
I know how to repay kindness properly.
I will help you get your wish.
[Morality]
Er Tong.
Where are you bringing me?
You wake me up so early in the morning and bring me out here on the street.
I still have a hangover from last night.
- Boss.
- Yes.
Today is the day I pay you back.
The situations you can't think of, I'll give you an idea.
Today, I'll let you fulfill your long-cherished wish.
Is it possible that you can make my wife change her mind?
Wait and see what happens today.
Don't hit it, don't hit it.
You're crazy, right?
Enough, enough.
Hello, Officers.
It's you again. What are you doing?
Today, I will report
a county magistrate that knew the law and still broke it!
- Er Tong.
- This little brat.
Who wants to sue the county office?
It's a misunderstanding.
Master Zong, I will withdraw my accusation right away.
Our kid doesn't know stuff. We'll be leaving now.
We'll be on our way now Master Zong.
- Take care.
- Wait a moment.
Zhu Dacong,
you disrupted the order of the court.
You framed a government official. You should be punished.
Hit him 50 times.
50 is too much, 10.
How could you still be negotiating at this time?
Discipline him first, then lock him up in prison.
Yes, sir.
Boss! Boss!
Wait!
You detain my person?
My dad is the magistrate of Jinan.
You touch my people, have you asked him?
Just let Master Zong pass a verdict.
In any case, there is neither witness testimony nor material evidence for this matter.
It all depends on the person implicated opening their mouth. Sir Tang will act according to the situation.
Then, continue your trial. I want to see...
what kind of trick judgment you can come up with!
Both of you, the master and servant, are showing contempt of the court. How brave!
Guards, block their mouths.
Yes, Sir.
Are you two the constables of Tongling County Zhao Xiaoliu,
- Li Dawang.
- As you said, Sir.
I have a question to ask. Answer me with the facts.
Tang Feilong, Sir Tang
and Adviser, Tan Lingyin.
Are they...
In an ambiguous relationship?
Have they pledged to marry already?
Yes or no?
- No.
But I hear...
the civilians of Tongling County saying
Tongling's County Magistrate and Adviser
will become a family soon.
Master Zong, there are things you are unaware of.
The civilians of Tongling live and work peacefully and happily.
They love to crack and eat melon seeds,
and gossip. This can't be counted on.
Right. Our Sir is elegant and unrestrained.
Our adviser is talented and beautiful.
Moreover, when two people's ages are similar, it is very easy for others to misunderstand—
Sir Zong, if you want to punish me for a crime, there is no need to be surreptitious.
There's no need to take my status into consideration.
There is no harm in saying what you think.
Sir Tang, can you report the actual situation?
How are you planning on judging me?
If according to the law,
the judgment should be that adultery was committed.
The woman... acted contrary to morality...
You old man, my wife did not act contrary to morality.
If she committed adultery, I, as her husband, would know. I know the law, too.
I'm retracting my allegations, okay?
If we don't investigate this thoroughly,
what if this kind of
adulterous behavior
gets set as a bad example?
Sir Tang, you should follow my lead.
Tongling would be in big trouble.
However, Zhu Dacong put framing allegations against a court official,
this much is true.
Exiled two thousand li away  (around 1000 km).
- Take them away.
- Wait.
Sir Tang, you still have something to say?
Master Zhu is right.
Adviser Tan and I
have fallen in love and vowed to spend the rest of our lives together.
Tang Feilong, even a man can't even withstand 100 strokes,
moreover a fragile woman like my wife!
You-You can't do this!
That's right.
The conclusion is adultery.
As it's committed by an official, it is even more severe.
Sir Zong,
I didn't even want to come to this small county to be a magistrate.
But I had no choice because I respect the emperor's orders.
The duties here are also boring.
Suddenly, we got a woman adviser knocking on our door!
You and I are both men.
If you were in my shoes, would you want her?
That is indeed reasonable.
So once my assignment is over,
I'll give Master Zhu's wife back to him.
Tang Feilong!
You are crazy!
You're not willing?
I-I-
I am willing.
But how could you be this kind of person?
My wife was so good to you!
How can you treat her like this?
You!
- Zhu Dacong!
- Boss!
Tang Tianyuan, what are you saying?
Tan Lingyin, I've already helped you enough.
If you don't want to marry him then I'll help you.
But you can't obstruct my career advancement.
You had too much fun acting?
It's an act. She's putting on an act.
She doesn't want to marry Zhu Dacong, I helped to shield her.
- Isn't this putting on an act?
- Master Tang,
you can't spew nonsense just to protect her.
You've probably heard since you're from the capital.
The assistant minister's daughter has long had an engagement with me.
She comes from a good family and is beautiful.
Once I finish my work here,
I'll return to the capital and marry her.
Then, what about me?
You can go find someone else that's meant for you.
[Virtuous Mountain]
Why are you breaking things wife?
Wife, it's all my fault.
I didn't keep an eye on Er Tong and he fell for Zong Yinglin's trap.
Wife, I promise.
I really didn't use our marriage to threaten you.
You clearly did threaten me.
You even took it to court.
Look at you now, it was just to scare you.
How could I let others take your life?
Moreover, I handle you with care, afraid that you'll break.
And put you in my mouth, afraid that you'd melt.
How could I let others hurt you?
I don't even dare touch a single hair of yours.
Don't you think so?
Were you hit earlier?
No!
I wish you'd hit me more in the future.
Wife, let me tell you something.
I think today in court,
Tang Feilong doesn't actually— Hey, Miss.
- Wife! Wife!
- I told you not to mention that unfaithful person.
Okay, I won't. Okay?
Put that down.
I will ask the chef to prepare some Jinan desserts.
Once we eat food from our hometown,
then you won't be mad anymore. Okay?
There's no need.
We'll go home to eat.
Go home?
♫ The overnight spring breeze, as I go out into the world,
hoping not to disappoint ♫
♫ To roam the world, just this ferry of longing, I can't let go ♫
♫  The ferry keeps floating, but the way back seems endless ♫
♫ The chilling waters brought a lonely boat that caught my eye ♫
♫ A fierce horse, where is it going in this mortal world? ♫
♫ Where can I leisurely see to the limit of the cloud and stars ♫
♫ On an ancient road, as the sun sets,
I asked the young bamboo ♫
♫ When will you reply? ♫
♫ Only when you come here boundless ♫
♫ Can you drink till drunk ♫
♫ To also leave boundless ♫
♫ Freely pick a song ♫
♫ A good dream, a youth’s travels ♫
♫  The swaying shadows from the candle and
longings are still the same as that year’s ♫
♫ Who is lamenting under the moon?  ♫
♫ Half of a wooden home door is open ♫
♫ I sober up in my hometown ♫
♫ A single flourishing blossom tree is hazier
after being hit by the rain ♫
♫ A lonely lit lamp reflects onto the paper window endlessly ♫
♫ Endlessly, it cannot end, this spring flower ♫
♫ Seeing the dried up vines and hearing the winters crows,
too busy to rest ♫
♫ A stream of west wind, welcomes Tusu (wine), in pursuit ♫
♫ In pursuit of the four seasons, the oceans, but I hesitate ♫
♫ When the brush stops, the wind stops, sleep stops ♫
♫ The long journey home ♫
♫ Only when you come here boundless ♫
♫ Can you drink till drunk ♫
♫ To also leave boundless ♫
♫ Freely pick a song ♫
♫ A good dream, a youth’s travels ♫
♫  The swaying shadows from the candle and
longings are still the same as that year’s ♫
♫ Who is lamenting under the moon? ♫
♫ Half of a wooden home door is open ♫
♫ I sober up in my hometown ♫
♫ Listen to the wind ♫
♫ Accompanied by pear blossoms, I drink until drunk  ♫
♫ And another cup ♫